hi I'm putting together a special team
we're gonna be doing one thing one thing
on killing Nazis sound good yes
I'm gonna assume you know who we are
everybody in the German armies heard of
you you probably heard we ain't in the
prisoner taking business we into killing
Nazi business and cousin business is
a-boomin you ever wanna either
sauerkraut sandwich you can take your
wiener schnitzel they can finger and
point out on this matter what I want to
know I respectfully refuse hey Donnie
got German here what's that country
blood him
an American Secret Service head that
lives deep behind enemy lines
the Germans call them the bastards
these Yanks have been then the devil
were article he'd say that the Germans
fought during a gala premiere in
attendance most of the German High
Command don't rendezvous with our double
agent she'll take it from there you're
getting us in that premiere that's
suicide what else we gone dude go home
so what's the plan
we punch those goons out to take their
machine guns and cars and there's
blastings that's a plan that's about it
or not
that's something you don't know it nice
attendings from you getting a whack on
paid off makes this a horse different
color we have all our rotten eggs in one
basket
the objective of the operation blow up
the basket
won't give me little something you can't
take all you're getting pretty good now
in the hands of the assists my hands to
be exact
yes yes yes yes